Last time on Sonic X,
Shadow transported Chris
to Eggman's space base,
where Chris learned about
a secret orbiting colony
built by Eggman's grandfather,
the brilliant Professor Gerald Robotnik.
Eggman unveiled the Eclipse
Cannon, his ultimate weapon,
and warned that he'd use it
unless the entire population
surrendered to the Eggman Empire.
What are Shadow's mysterious motives?
Can Chris' friends find and rescue him?
Will Eggman use the Eclipse Cannon
and destroy the whole planet?
Find out next on Sonic X!
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
- Gotta go fast
- Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
Excuse me! I'm Scarlet
Garcia from SSTV News.
Reporter?
I have nothing to say to you.
I just want to be left alone.
We don't want to trouble you, sir.
We'd simply like to ask
you a couple of questions.
Can you tell us what happened on
Space Colony ARK 50 years ago?
Nothing happened.
I understand your reluctance
to talk about it, sir.
But you were there when it occurred,
and we need to find out all that we can.
Please, sir. I need to know.
You don't have any idea what you're
getting involved in, young lady.
Just leave it alone before
you stir up trouble.
Looks like your boys really
goofed, didn't they, Doc?
None of your business!
Fine. Let's launch the counterattack.
How about giving me the
password for the colony?
M-A-R-I-A. Maria.
That's the magic word.
Meanwhile, I'll be standing
by a crazy gadget.
Huh.
Fooling that old fool ought to be a snap.
All right. Let's start hacking.
Maria. M-A-R-I-A.
Let's see what pops up here.
Come on, come on.
Ah, here we are.
Project Shadow. Top secret!
Sounds exciting!
The Ultimate Creature Development Project.
Sure sounds juicy to me.
Shadow?
Sealed off?
But how?
If that's true, then who's he?
Here comes your friend.
Huh?
You mean Sonic?
He'd be a fool to challenge me.
You're the fool, not Sonic!
You'll see I'm right.
This is one battle your friend cannot win.
What you're investigating is much
more dangerous than you know.
I won't answer any of your
questions, and that's that.
Please, sir. You've just got
to tell us what happened.
You're the only survivor!
Everyone else was... lost.
Even my father.
Hm...
I'm begging you!
Please tell us!
You owe it to the memory of
all those innocent people!
Scarlet...
I'm sorry.
That wasn't very professional of me.
You don't have to apologize.
It must bring up a lot of
painful memories for you.
Oh!
Huh?
Don't panic.
Get to the car as fast as you can.
Why?
Hurry!
She's getting away!
Hyaaaaaaaa!
Oof!
[Grunt]
Who's next? Hm?
What do you want from me?
Scarlet!
[Grunt]
Let go!
Get in the car!
[Gasp]
Oh!
Woah!
[Groan] Oof.
[Gasp]
Thank you!
This way!
I don't see them anywhere.
I don't know how to thank you.
That was nice work.
I used to be able to handle myself okay.
But... that was a long time ago.
I'll bet they're watching us in there.
You just take it slow and steady.
[Sparkling]
Huh?
Hurry it up!
[Gasp]
Knuckles! What's the matter with you?
The Master Emerald. It's nearby!
I can feel it!
Knuckles! Let go of the wheel!
[Scream]
Here comes my breakfast.
All right. Calm down, will ya?
We're going to the same place anyway.
Master Emerald, here I come!
Intruder alert.
Sector M-14.
I wonder who that could be.
[Sparkling]
[Grunt]
[Grunt] [Panting]
Oof!
Uh-uh. This area's off-limits, slugger.
I want that Master Emerald!
Sorry, guy.
[Sounds of fighting]
Now, that's no way to treat a lady.
Didn't ya ever learn any manners?
I've got manners, but you're no lady.
[Grunt] Oof!
Aah!
Oof!
[Scream]
Huh?
I've got ya!
Ugh! Get your hands off me!
Hey! If it weren't for me,
you would've fallen on your head!
Ha! Were you really trying to save me?
Or were you just trying to be fresh?
I wonder.
You're crazy! What do you mean fresh?
Talk about ungrateful!
Whatever.
Have it your way if it makes you happy.
Wha-?
See ya!
What about the Emerald?
Emerald?
Take it.
It's yours.
What kind of game are you playing, anyway?
[Grunt]
Even for a bat, you're batty.
[Sparkling]
That's my cue to get out of here.
Sure is a lonely place.
I suspect that no one has been here
since the accident occurred 50 years ago.
We have a big problem.
How do we destroy that
weapon when we find it?
Here! Why not give this a try?
A Chaos Emerald?
Well, it's not a real one.
I made a copy to help power the X Tornado.
It doesn't have the same power
as a real Chaos Emerald,
but if we put it in with a real one,
it might cause some kind of reaction
and mess up the whole system.
Okay!
If this little baby does the trick,
it'll be goodbye, Eclipse Cannon!
[Evil laugh]
Huh?
Oh!
[All screaming]
Hey! What's that?
Amy!
Ugh!
Let's shed some light on things!
I will set your friend
free, under one condition.
Give me the Emerald,
and I'll give you the girl.
Let's see.
Give me a minute to think it over.
What do you mean, think it over?
Well, perhaps this might
make you think faster!
Sonic!
It's a deal!
Place the Emerald in the
center of that circle.
Guess it's just like that old saying,
"Easy come, easy go."
Oh, well.
Prepare to be blown into
space, my little blue friend!
No, wait!
What if I promise to give
you a real Chaos Emerald?
What's that?
You mean to tell me that Chaos
Emerald is a counterfeit?
Uh...
I shall make Sonic pay for your
deception, you crafty creep!
You let Sonic go right now!
Hey! It's okay.
Sonic...
You're in charge, pal. All right?
Uh, uh, uh, uh.
Now, Sonic. It's time to say goodbye!
[Grunt]
Sonic, no!
[Screams]
He's gone.
[Explosion]
Sonic!!!
Your friend could not save himself.
Huh? You mean Sonic was in there?
Yes, I'm afraid he was.
Perhaps Sonic was not the great
hero you thought him to be.
You're wrong!
It can't be true!
Sonic!
[Panting]
He's gone.
[Crying]
Quit your blubbering, and
hand over that Emerald!
I can't sit here all day waiting
for your crocodile tears to dry!
I won't let you down, Sonic.
I'll never give him what he wants.
Huh?
I'll be strong!
I won't let myself run away this time!
Amy! Mr. Tanaka!
Stay out of the way!
Amy.
Follow me!
[Panting]
You've tried my patience for far too long.
You asked for it!
[Lasers firing]
Aah!
Ah!
Gr... I'll make you pay for that!
Our mission seemed pretty
straightforward at the time.
They ordered us to close the facility
because of some sort of accident.
Go on.
A couple of us knew they weren't
telling the whole story.
But none of us had the guts to speak up.
We just did our jobs and went
up to space, like we were told.
None of us knew what to expect.
By that time, we'd heard all
sorts of rumors about the ARK.
Some said they were experimenting
with the concept of eternal life.
Others said they had created something
called the Ultimate Creature.
[Yell]
Huh?
Stop!
[Panting]
It's the creature!
She's setting it free!
[Lasers firing]
Freeze!
[Gasp]
Take your hand off that lever!
I'm not fooling around here!
Hmph!
She was so young.
I'll never forget her face.
[Sobbing]
We sealed off the area,
and they took her away.
The mission ended, and we all went home.
But wasn't there any kind of investigation?
The official report called
it an "unfortunate accident,"
and we were all sworn to secrecy.
But I know that it wasn't an accident,
and nobody can tell me otherwise!
I volunteered for that force as a young man,
because I wanted to give
back to the country I loved!
But then...
But then they...
[Crying]
I understand now.
Thank you.
He's wrong! Sonic wasn't in there!
He couldn't be!
It's not true!
Huh?
Oof!
Uh...
Sonic!
[Panting]
Hey! Are you all right?
[Groaning]
I'm okay.
I wanna try somethin'.
[Sparkling]
Now...
let's see if this works.
Chaos Control!
This may be a fake, but it works!
You gonna tell me what's going on, or not?
Yeah, I will!
But first things first!
I need you to keep an eye
on Tails and the others.
Okay.
Great! And while you're doing that,
I'm gonna put this guy to the ultimate test.
Now don't you worry your
pretty little head, Topaz.
I'm copying all the data as we speak.
Just be sure that you get
every bit of information.
Don't leave anything behind, Rouge.
We need to know all we can.
[Beeping]
I got it all, honey.
And it looks like there's plenty of it.
Even that dope Eggman doesn't
know the whole story.
And it's quite a story!
You'd better hurry up and get out of there.
Have you got the Emeralds?
We can analyze the data when you get back.
After that, we can-[Stomp]
I suggest you keep your hands
off those Chaos Emeralds.
We wouldn't want them to
fall into the wrong hands,
now would we... Agent Rouge!
Have you been spying on me?
Aren't you the naughty little boy.
You've been a government spy all this time!
Uh-huh!
Now that I have my hands on
this hot little disk here,
I think I'll make my exit,
if you don't mind.
I do mind, you phony!
That's pretty funny, coming from you.
What do you mean by that?
[Lasers firing]
This is for Sonic!
[All screaming]
Oof!
[Coughing]
You're not hurt, are you, Tails?
It worked! I did it!
Huh?
Oh, no! Give that back to me!
[Evil laugh]
According to this, the body
of the original creature
was sealed off 50 years ago.
Yes, that's right.
But that was the prototype.
I was the very first creature
created after that one.
Ah! But it says here
there were two capsules
ejected from the ARK
when the facility was shut down.
Apparently, neither of them was ever found.
And if those two capsules were never found,
then how did you end up on Prison Island?
I wonder!
I have a feeling neither
of us is who we say we are.
[Beep beep]
Huh?
Good news, Shadow!
I've gotten ahold of the Chaos Emeralds!
And?
It appears one of our enemies is headed
straight for the Eclipse Cannon!
We have no time to waste.
Prepare for takeoff immediately!
Come back!
Don't you understand you're
not the real Shadow?
Everything in your memory
is as unreal as you are!
If it is true that all of
my memories are not my own,
they are still all that I have.
I will do what I must.
I promised her.
Hmph!
[Panting] Huh?
[Groan] Him again!
He must be going after Sonic.
Then Sonic's all right!
What?
[Panting]
Sonic...
He's okay!
Master Chris, it is you!
Hi, Mr. Tanaka!
Ohhh....
Oof!
Master Chris! Are you alright?
Yeah, except I can't really breathe...
[Chuckling]
SHADOW: What a surprise.
Huh?
I could've sworn I saw you blown
to bits just a short time ago.
Well, I guess I'm a lot tougher than I look!
In fact, it's thanks to you I'm okay!
I see.
You caused Chaos Control with
that phony Emerald there.
Yup!
I gotta run!
I'm afraid I can't let you get away
from me that easily, my friend.
Now, I demand to know who you are!
Who, me?
I'm just a guy with a need for speed!
They call me Sonic the Hedgehog!
Ah, yes.
I can well understand your
love of speed, Sonic.
But now your high-speed
adventure must come to an end!
Eclipse Cannon is nearly ready
to launch again, Dr. Eggman.
I will release the safety device.
[Evil laughter]
Chaos Spear!
[Grunt]
What's he trying to do, barbecue me?
It's the Eclipse Cannon!
Sonic must have done that!
Now all we have to do is get that
Chaos Emerald back from Eggman!
Then we'll be in the clear!
Doctor! The Eclipse Cannon
has been badly damaged!
What does Shadow think he's doing?
Oh, no!
The gun battery has been hit!
Hm?
Grr!
Well, fire it anyway!
[Grunt]
Eclipse Cannon... fire!
Huh?
Huh??
Huh?!
[Beeping]
Grandpa!
The countdown marking my final
revenge on this world has begun!
In just a few minutes, you will be destroyed!
Soon, Space Colony ARK
will hurtle through the atmosphere
and crash into this planet
with cataclysmic force!